'''
Critical analysis on the new colossus

The New Colossus was written by American poet Emma Lazarus in 1883. Most people read this poem
and think it's a fictional poem, but most don't realise the deeper meaning of the words and 
sentences in this short poem. It is famously knoe for reimaging the Statue of Liberty as the 
"The Mother of exiles". The poem was a sonnet composed to raise funds for the Statue of Liberty's
pedestal.

The title itself shows us that this poem is full of meaning, it sounds like a global change was
upon them. The title "The New Colossus" means the new statue that is much bigger then life size.
The word colossus also shows us that this poem has a important meanin behind it.

The words "Not like the brazen giant of Greek fame" tells us that there is a statue that isn't
like the Greek statues of Gods, which represent war or one's arrogance. It's telling us that the
statue symbolises peace and welcoming of maternal refuge for immigrants.

Emma also compares the Colossus of Rhodes, which is an ancient Greek statue symbolising millitary
might, to this so called brazen giant. We can see this ine the second line where it says 
"with conquering limbs astride from land to land".

The sentence "A mighty woman with a torch, whose flame is the imprisoned lightning, and her name
Mother of Exiles" clearly describes the appearence or the props that is being held. "A mighty
woman with a torch" symbolises a welcoming, nuturing Mother of Exiles who'll lead the immigrants
to safety. This sentence is saying that the fire isn't trying to hurt us, but instead offer
safety and protection. The Mother of Exiles, these words give us a sign of hope. The imprisoned
lightning reasures the immigrants because it means that even the mighty God Zesus has been 
deafted by the Mother of Exiles, it shows us how strong she really is.

In conclusion this poem still has a long lasting effect on people by transforming a 
French-American friendship into a universal symbol of hope and welcome for immigrants and 
refugees. This poem makes America as a santuary where people can relax and have time to heal 
wounds form the past. The poem also increases  the reputation of America.
'''