'''

A quiet life is now what I want

CHAPTER 1 - Love has found me

Here I am now, lying down in my soft and warm bed, reading a book called they both die in the end,
well that hasn't changed in ages. I've changed in these last few years. I was once a childish 
man, an extrovert, loved and cared by everyone around me. But suddenly I just changed, I don't
go out anymore. Actually I haven't seen a person in years, well I have, but not anyone I know.
The only person I've seen often is that cashier in my local supermarket, her name's Moi. 
My parents now ignore me, they hardly know I exsist anymore. That's when I realised people's, 
will to be always around a certain person run out at a certain point in life, if it's a partner 
that love lasts a lifetime. Now I sit alone in my apartment, that's gloomy as the shallow waters.
I get it why people want a quiet life, with a nice book in their hands. I realised that a man has
to learn how to take care of himself and not depend on others, and feelings has to be kept inside
him like a small ship in a bottle. There were many times when I did fall in love, but those people
needed to be loved, but they couldn't love me back in anyway or form. In life you should learn to
leave people if you need or want to, and that is what I did. And ever since then I've never 
found someone that could love me back in the way I wanted them to. So I isolated myself from 
everyone afraid that they'll break my heart like the others. My room so messy, crisps' bags
on the floor, pizza boxes scattered across the floor one box with half a pizza left with most
of the garlic sauce left on the other side of the box, plastic bottles empty and creased. The 
doorbell goes off, that's unusual because my bell hasn't been used for a long time. I got up, my
bones clicked as always and I walked to the door like it was my first time walking in years
and like I'm learning to walk again. The door opens with a loud creek, there stood a beautiful
young lady, her eyes so pleasing I got lost in them, my heart beating fast, her smile so wide and
so lovely my eyes softened in spilt second. And it was then that I realised love has found me.

CHAPTER 2 - My withering flower is blooming

She hummed for a second, "H-hi" she said with a nervous voice. "H-h-hi" I said stuttering like 
usual. "Sorry to interupt you, I just wanted to let you know i moved in, i'm Clare and i'm a bit
loud I'm sorry if it disturbs you" she said with a soft soothing voice. "N-no worries a-and i'm
Kanashimi. Can I ask why you'll be very loud?" Iasked curiosly. "Well I'm actually a singer and
I like to sing songs in my mean time, um well I'll be heading off now" she said with her voice 
saddening."I-I-I nevermind" I said again stuttering. "oh what was that you were about to say?" she
said with her voice filling up with curiosty. "I hope we meet again clare!" I said yelling, Clare 
turned bright red. "Y-yeah me too kanashimi" she said with her voice low. With that we both said 
our goodbyes. It's two in the morning, I hear Clare's television on while I'm still reading my book,
the song 'from the start' was  playing loudly. I couldn't blame her it was a good song, she has a good
music taste. Earlier I heard her singing to a song called 'Falling', she sings very well, I fell asleep
when she sleeping, that was the first time I ever slept well even if it was a short nap. She likes
listening to music while she sleeps, I mean she is a singer meaning she's a music geek, but her looks 
overpowers anything. That's the first time I thought of someone like that ever in my life. Just like 
that I fell asleep with my own thoughts in my mind overwhelming me. It's midday, I fell off of my 
bed with a loud thud I get myself up with my noodle like arms and fall onto my bed I turn my face to
my tiny bedside table, where my phone lies charging I strechted my arms and unplugged my phone from
the thin chargeing cable. The doorbell rings again, "Her again" I said to myself" I get myself up 
and walk like a toddler to the door" I opened the door slowly as it creaks open" I see Clare's eyes
make contact with mine. "You okay kanashimi?" she says as she places her warm and soft hand on my cheek."
I blush " I feel her palm hit my cheek" I'm fine, C-Clare" I say shaking. "What was that loud thud
kanashimi? Are you ok? Any bruises?" she said worryingly. I placed my rough hand on hers, she gasped
"I-I-I'm fine I just feel off my bed". "Wait you were still sleeping?" she asked worryingly. "Yeah 
I don't sleep well anymo- ". She covered my mouth with her hand "You should sleep well you know, it's 
not good for you, love". "Whattttt!!!!!!" I said turning more red than a tomato. She let's out 
a small giggle "It's so easy to make you blush". "By the way I'm also a romance book writer" she says
as she walks back to apartment. And I'm stil stood there bright red, heart pounding faster than ever
and in love. "Hey wait! what books do you write!" I yelled to the top of lungs. I wrote a book called
'They both die in the end'. She entered her apartment and closed her door behind her. I froze where I
stood, heart beating fast and in love with Clare .

CHAPTER 3 - My hunger for her love grows 

It's three in the morning, struggling to sleep, drowning in my thoughts again  as usual. Then it
clicked in my head, it seems like when there's a concerning thud Clare thinks I'm hurt and comes to
check up on me. Wait dosen't that mean I want her attention. I guess this what love feels like.
I pick up my book from my bedside table and throw it to the floor making a loud thud. I want her 
not to use her but to love and love only, maybe just a little bit more than love. And there it is 
that knock on the door, I've now memorised how she knocks a door, she does two knocks, pause and knock
once more. Like usual I walk up to the door, with my book in my hand but this time I was exicted to see
her lovely face, it gave joy, it's been a while since I was happy. I opned the door, there she was in 
her pink pjs like a little child, she looked cute, very cute. "Kanashimi! Did you fall again? Are you 
hurt. Waittt, it dosen't even look like you were sleeping" Clare said it so fast it took me a while to 
understand what she said. I pause for a few seconds, "Sorry I dropped my book" I say with my book in my 
right hand. "Is that..." she paused then smiled, "Hey that's my book". "I-I-I...know, I like it" I say 
while blushing slightly. "So, why aren't you asleep yet prince?" she says teasingly. "You have a way with
words you know?" I say stuttering. "You want me to be with you while you sleep dear?" she says, not  
breaking a sweat.

'''