Essay on eradiction of poverty 

Eradiction of poverty is the global goal of getting rid of povery 
globally. Poverty is not just lack of income, but it could also be
the denied or unavailable access to services like food to eat, drinkable
water, healthcare to take care of their body and health and education for
young people for their brightful future's.

I believe that the potential for eradiction of poverty has increased by an
out standing amount. I believe this because there are a large amounts of 
people donating things like canned food, clothes and other services for the
peole living in poverty. Many countries have gotten bigger over the years.
This increases the availability of services like jobs and food supplies. The
growth of technology also increased jobs for people to work, like teaching people
online, this also gives students overseas an area to study and grow. Goverments 
and organisations around the world are now working together to decrease the 
amount of poverty that still exsists around the world. Healthcare has also 
improved becasue of vaccines and better santitaion over public places.

For example between 1980-2020 China has prevented 800 million people from
extreme poverty and in 2020 China declared that extreme poverty in the nation
was no more. They did this by taking advantage of their rapid economic growth
and industrialisation giving millions around China an opportunity for a job.

While some people might not agrre with this statement becasue they still see 
people on the streets being for some food or water. Although countries make some 
effort to prevent poverty some don't take any action to prevent this world wide
issue that affects the life of millions. Some examples of these countries are 
South-Sudan, which still have on going conflict and an unstable political state.
Another example of this is the country Somalia which also have the same issues 
with their country.

Without a doubt poverty in certain countries have decreased or even declared 
that it is no more in some countries. Also organisations and goverments are
now taking poverty seriously nation wide.