Him and Her

Here I sit with my noble family, in church during mass, looking around like a little
eagle for it's next prey. My eyes fell upon a majestic dove. A dove that made crows
jealous of it's beauty. "Say mother, who might that majestic dove be" I whispered in
my mothers ears. "That my dear is Sophie, Sophie berling, part of the berling family.
Why do ask, precious child,does your heart fancy those eyes of heaven?" she said 
teasingly. "May the Lord have the correct answer to that" I replied. 

Sophie's head turns to gaze at my eyes, it's as if the earth turned so suddenly. She
smiles seeing such beautiful eyes as his. "Mother,mother, may I ask who that fine
gentleman is" Sophie asked her mother curiosly. "Well that is the soon to be heir
of the durling family, Kanashimi durling" she said amazed by such man. Embarresed
Kanashimi turns his head, as he slowly turns red. Sophie giggles to herself, thinking
of ways to impress such shy eagle.

Here the time comes to recieve Holy communion. I notice after recieveing such blessing
from the priest, I'm passing right by the beauty of God's hands in the flesh,Kanashimi.
I stand waiting in line for the priest to give a piece of the eucharist. i take the 
blessing and dissolve it in my mouth. As i return to my seat, i pass by the sweet 
eagle, with eyes blue as the clear ocean, my thoughts get the best of me. I squeeze 
next Kanashimi, instead of sitting in my oringinal seat. His mother suprised at such
bold actions. I place my head on his defined shoulders. "Let lips do what hands do, my 
Lord" I said confindently. Kanashimi leans in to share a passionate kiss with Sophie.
"Such bold moves" Kanashimi speaks up.

The mass has now ended and Kanashimi stays behind Sophie quietly. "Mother, such man he is
can one be worthy for him" Sophie speaked. "If that is one's wish it shall happen" her mother
responded. Sophie nods with a bright smile. Kanashimi just followed her listening in on thier
conversations.

And so it happened a dove and an eagle live their lives eternally at peace. 